docs: update of ChaCha20 specification in hazmat (#7622)
pyca/cryptography: docs/hazmat/primitives/symmetric-encryption.rst

        :term:`bits` (32 bytes) in length.
    :type key: :term:`bytes-like`

>     :param nonce: In our context, the 128-bit parameter ``nonce`` is a concatenation

Reviewer: The way this is phrased now is a bit confusing and puts implementation details before the security instructions.

My recommendation is to keep the existing text and then add a description that the 16-bytes are composed of the counter and underlying nonce.

Author: I agree with you, so I made suggested changes in the new commit.

        nonce with the same key compromises the security of every message
        encrypted with that key. The nonce does not need to be kept secret
        and may be included with the ciphertext. This must be ``128``

>         :term:`bits` in length. Pay attention to the fact that in our context,
>         the 128-bit parameter we called ``nonce`` is a concatenation of 4-byte
>         little-endian counter (e.g. counter = 7, need to be passed as ``0x07000000``)
>         and 12-byte nonce (as used in RFC 7539).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :term:`bits` in length. The 128-bit value is a concatenation of 4-byte
        little-endian counter and the 12-byte nonce (as described in
        :rfc:`7539`).
```

small suggestion on rephrasing this
